You show up to the celebration
whether you like it or not.
It's over between you and I.
You need to accept that.
That dog.
That bastard
actually called the police on me?
Yes. I did scratch his car.
But after everything he has done to me?
He was busy sleeping around
with all those bitches he came across.
Then he gives me HIV?
AIDS?
What I did was not enough.
I should have grabbed him
by the balls and castrated them
because that's what makes him feel
like a man.
We'll see if he can cheat then.
You must think I'm crazy. right?
I am not crazy.
And then you?
What's a beautiful lady
like you doing here?
My husband's side chick got me arrested.
I burnt down our old house
that we used to live in.
with both of them still in it.
Girl. you are the bomb.
You burnt it? You burnt the house down?
Why didn't I think of this?
I should've burnt
his house down. the bastard.
-It's a pity they survived.
-Bastard.
You know.
we have a party.
To celebrate our 20th anniversary.
And it's happening soon. in a few hours.
And me.
I'm here.
And what about my kids?
Nkazimulo is just a baby.
Everything I've worked for
my whole entire life…
I'm going to lose it.
Happy anniversary. Sis.
You called the cops?
What were you thinking?
I don't get you.
Jonas.
-What did you want me to do?
-Listen. and let me tell you something.
As the Gomoras.
we don't air our dirty laundry in public.
-At all. Yes.
-Really?
Was I supposed to lie to the cops?
After we both almost got burnt alive?
I don't like
a woman that doesn't listen to me.
Oh. you think this is funny?
Jonas.
So. I'm the bad guy now?
While Joyce almost burnt us alive?
She's the mother of my children.
-Dad! Dad!
-Dad!
Mpume? Menzi?
Wow. Mom is in jail. and you're here
lounging like nothing's wrong.
-It must be nice.
-You chose to do nothing and not help her?
You don't care about us.
Listen. Mpume.
I will fix this. okay?
I promise you.
The event only starts at 3:00.
Why are we leaving so early?
Hey. I want to arrive early
so I can be in the front-row seat.
Joyce is celebrating an anniversary
with a man she doesn't live with.
-She's really lost her mind.
-I don't care about all of that.
Oh. no!
Mpume says Aunt Joyce has been arrested.
-What?
-Where did you see that?
-Right here.
Apparently. she's the one
who burnt the old Gomora house. Ma.
Wow.
I underestimated Joyce.
That means there's no party.
Let's forget about all of this.
-Yeah. you're right.
-Wait. wait. wait. We're going there.
Now I'm really eager
to see what's going to happen.
-Huh?
-Yes!
You think I'd want to miss that drama?
Come on. let's go.
-Let's go then.
-Let's go. children.
But. Mom…
Joyce Gomora!
You got bailed.
Come. Your husband is outside.
Joyce Gomora?
No. man!
Yeah. I knew you looked familiar.
Listen. girl.
You know what? I'll DM you. okay?
You must respond.
Hold on. Joyce.
My publicist
is on standby as we speak
to take our joint statement
and to announce our divorce.
Oh. my God.
You know what. Jonas? I'm tired
of trying to fight whatever potion
this girl has clearly used on you.
You can have your joint statement.
I'll sign your divorce papers.
Yeah.
But…
only after the party.
-Party?
-Mm-hmm.
Do you want your freedom or not?
No. no. no. no. Not in that way.
You have 34 voice messages.
Hey. Joyce.
I just want to confirm
my attendance to the anniversary event.
Joyce. Trinity here.
I just want to confirm my…
Joyce. we're definitely going
with the pink and white arrangement.
Joyce. I need
to go over the final touch-ups.
Nkazimulo.
will he be walking you down the aisle?
Whatever.
Hi. You're speaking to Joyce.
Yes. No. no. I'm all right.
I wanted to talk to you about something.
I know what I'm going to say will be…
…a bit unusual.
But…
…I need your help.
-Ma.
-Mmm. baby.
So. you're really going ahead
with this. Ma?
Tell me. how long are you going to let
that man of yours treat you this way?
That man you're talking about
is your father. Let's not forget that.
Oh. Mom.
you deserve so much better than this.
My goodness! What's wrong with you?
This is marriage.
-You don't walk away so easily.
-In other words. you're saying that
if another man were to do the same thing
that Dad is doing to you. you'd be happy?
My brother. Give me two.
There's Mrs. Party.
She's acting like
everything is fine. She's so fake.
But. Mom. you have to admit.
she looks good. though.
You're pissing me off now.
Thank you.
Thank you. Ma.
What if he doesn't arrive. Thembi?
Friend. maybe you should wait for him
in the bridal suite. you know?
-Just in case this person…
-Uh-uh.
Joyce. where's Mr. Party?
I'm very excited to meet him in person.
Uh. he's on his way.
You'll see him shortly.
Really? He's coming?
Matipa.
I'm so happy to see you.
How could I dare miss
such a big and beautiful event?
-Mmm.
-This is Matipa.
-Uh. she's a…
-Family friend.
Of the Gomoras.
Actually. closer than that.
You see. Joyce and I are practically
sisters.
You see that?
Joyce. aren't you gonna make
the big announcement?
-What announcement?
-Don't worry. I'll fill you in.
You see. as we're standing here. Joyce
and Jonas
are
-officially…
-Greetings.
Ooh!
Ah. Thembi. You're here.
-Ma.
-My son.
Yeah. My wife.
My love.
-Don't you want it?
-Not here. love.
What?
-That's late-night activities. Not here.
-Ah. stop it.
-How rude of us.
-Ah.
This is Trinity Cele.
the one I'm always talking about.
-Oh. Cele. You look gorgeous.
-Yes.
-Aren't you the one getting married here?
-My goodness!
-I'm just asking.
-We'll be back.
-We'll be right back. Enjoy yourselves.
-Mr. Gomora.
-We'll be right back.
-We're happy to see you.
-Thank you. sir.
-It's good to see you. sir.
-God bless you.
-Amen. Amen.
-You can go ahead and have a seat.
-We'll be right there with you.
-Amen.
Oh. so the wild dog decided
to finally come?
-Oh. I'm the dog?
-Yes. you are.
-Don't you know that?
-How would this dog not come. though?
Especially because you spoke
to the minister's wife
-to threaten my tender.
-Mm-hmm.
-Joyce. how low can you go?
-You know what?
I'd even go
to the depths of hell if I had to. Jonas.
-Hell is exactly where you belong.
-Yes. hell. Don't you dare tell me that.
-Look at this. What?
-Hey. hey. hey. don't.
-Don't touch it.
-I'm fixing my husband.
-I'm your husband now?
-My husband…
-Yes! It's our company together. Jonas.
-You're holding my company hostage. Oh.
It's like that now.
-Uh. no!
-Did you see me? Oh!
-Oh. my. Minister!
-Greetings.
-Hello. darling.
-Who are we to be graced by your presence?
-You look so good.
-Thank you. You look good too.
-For us?
-Thank you very much.
Okay. now I want to
thank you very much for partnering
-with us on the bridge construction.
-Yes.
-Right.
-And this tender is very important to…
You got this tender
because my husband and I
believe in the both of you.
-Oh.
-And the fact that you guys believe
in family principles and values.
My admiration for Joyce as a wife
goes way back.
We backed you. Jonas and Joyce.
-You're a package.
-Mmm.
Mm-hmm.
-Let me take you to your seat…
-Oh. thank you.
-…so we can enjoy the festivities.
-Of course. Yes.
-My hubby. do you like it?
-All right. All right.
-My brother-in-law.
-My sister-in-law.
My sister-in-law.
And then?
What's going on here?
She ran off to the minister.
-Huh?
-Mm-hmm.
She got him to threaten the tender.
-You know what that means?
-What?
We're renewing our vows today.
It's going down.
"Love is patient.
It is kind.
Love does not envy.
Love is not proud.
It does not dishonour others.
It is not self-seeking.
Love does not delight in evil.
But rejoices the truth.
It perseveres through everything.
It always trusts.
It always hopes."
I still love you.
I don't think I'll ever stop.
Okay.
Hold on.
-No. stop it.
-Let me. What? Still.
Everyone knows that I…
I am not a man of many words.
However. I felt compelled
to say something today.
It's no secret that my younger brother
and I had a rough upbringing.
But for him. it was worse.
It was worse
because he was a dreamer. you know?
But then things changed.
Joyce arrived.
Yes. my sister-in-law.
This lady fought
to open doors for this man.
What made Jonas love this lady
was the potential she saw in him.
She saw that he was a great man.
He once said. "With this woman by my side.
I will take over the world."
Twenty years later.
the job is not done yet.
Keep at it.
Conquer.
I'm talking too much now.
This thing of talking… That's what
happens when you marry someone like Essie.
She's always talking.
You end up just like her.
No. no. no.
Let's raise our glasses. please.
To Jonas and Joyce.
To everlasting love.
Cheers!
Cheers! Cheers.
So. are you going to sign the papers
after this show of yours?
Hmm?
-Jo.
-What?
What exactly made you stop loving me?
I will not wait forever.
Understood?
Uh-uh. uh-uh.
Smile.
Everyone is watching.
Everyone is watching
the spectacular show of yours.
-Mmm.
-Mm-hmm.
My beautiful queen.
Yes.
Menzi.
Why are you alone here?
The party's out there.
No. I needed some air.
How do you need air when we're outside?
Is that Tom Ford you're wearing?
Yes… Why?
Because I love a man that has money
and power.
And smells good.
Don't sit here alone. Let's go dance.
Come on. Menzi!
Let's go dance Let's go dance
Let's go dance. let's go dance
Come on now. bro.
Now you just keep missing your chance.
Who said I missed my chance?
Oh. come on. What's wrong
with just grabbing her like this
-and landing a wet one?
-No. no. no. no.
That's sexual assault.
Was it sexual assault when she kissed you
while we were clubbing?
Get back in the game.
You are Menzi.
Aka Me-Me Gomora.
Hey. Gomora!
Hey. security. Go inside and get me
-Jonas Gomora right now.
-The guy from the club.
His brats messed up my club.
I'll do so. but you can't go inside.
-Hey. you little shits!
-Sir. Sir.
-Hey. hey. Watch it. Watch it!
You're sitting here
all alone playing games
while everyone's having a good time.
What's wrong?
Nah. I'm just tired. Dad. Nothing much.
-You're tired?
-Yes.
You owe me a dance.
-I want to dance with you. okay?
-Uncle.
-Yeah?
We have an issue outside. We need you.
-I'll be right back. We will dance.
-Okay.
Okay.
Jonas! Gomora!
-I said I wanted to talk to Jonas.
-Uh?
The boss of this place. Not his servant.
My boys told me what happened.
Can we resolve this?
-Mmm.
-Shame on you for coming.
-Your daughter invited me here.
-There's no such.
You thought Jonas wouldn't come.
didn't you?
And look how that turned out for you.
Leave Jonas alone. Forget about him.
I have nothing to say to you.
Fetch Gomora.
Come to my office some other time
and we'll fix this.
But today. it's my brother's anniversary.
Oh. fuck off. please.
What's wrong with you?
Shouldn't you be taking
some medication somewhere?
You're starting to get on my nerves.
This is why I wanted the boss.
Hey. fatty. Didn't you hear me clearly?
Fetch Gomora right now!
You see.
the problem with having a lot of money.
people begin to think you're soft…
…and forget you're from the township.
What are you trying to do?
Piss off.
So. this is the homewrecker
you've been talking about?
That's her. Mrs. Msomi.
You need to get your hands off
other women's husbands.
-What the fuck is wrong with you?
-You jezebel.
You two are witches.
You're the firstborn.
Grow some balls.
Learn to fix your own problems.
-Do you hear me?
-Yes.
Piss off.
Greetings. everyone.
You know. there's something about today
that has given me time to reflect.
I remember
the first time I laid my eyes on you.
Your radiant smile. Joyce.
You captured my heart.
You are my rock.
And my life.
I owe everything that I am today
to my wonderful wife.
And my beautiful family.
Happy anniversary. Joyce.
You know.
Gomora. you have a great woman here.
-Mmm.
-Never forget that.
Amen.
Please allow me to walk you to your car.
Certainly.
Thank you.
-Okay?
-I'm constipated.
-Yeah.
-I woke up in the morning.
Mm-hmm.
-Safe journey. Msomi.
-Thank you.
There you go.
Whose car do you think
you're taking? I said. "No way!"
I fought!
They don't know who I am. I went…
Brother.
Essie is embarrassing us
in front of our colleagues.
-Sort it out.
-Okay.
Essie. it's time to go home.
Why? Why? Why?
-Come on. Hurry up.
-Oh. Magesh. You're such a party pooper.
-You're ruining the vibe.
-There is a lot of alcohol at home.
-Come. Let's go.
-Joyce bought this alcohol
-for us to drink. Why?
-Now. stop there. Let's go.
-What's your problem?
-What the hell is going on?
The only reason I came to
this stupid party was to humiliate Joyce.
Now it feels like the joke is on me.
Do you think this is
an appropriate time to talk about this?
Is Joyce still going to sign
those divorce papers?
Jo. I'm talking to you.
I'm talking to you.
Jo.
There was no need for you
to drive me all the way home
just to make sure
that I signed your papers.
I miss you.
I miss you. Joyce.
Jo…
I miss you. my love.